(birds chirping)
- [Nana Komatsu] Those two
weeks Nana stayed at Ren's,
I kept myself busy with work
so that I wouldn't feel lonely.
I took on extra shifts,
and every day I worked
till I dropped,
(birds chirping)
but I made sure I never missed
one of Blast's rehearsals.
(birds chirping)
Afterwards, Nobu would
always walk me home.
(birds chirping)
As for Takumi, I didn't
hear from him at all.
(rock music)
- I'm thinking of
going on a trip.
- That sounds like a great idea.
Bring me back a souvenir.
(chair scraping on floor)
I'm finished.
- Isn't there somewhere you want
to go?
- Go on your own.
Maybe you've got nothing to do,
but I'm kind of busy right now.
- Take some time off work.
- No way.
We've got an important gig
coming up.
We have to practice every day.
- Huh?
Hey, how come you're on the pill
again?
- Someone's gotta be
responsible.
You want a kid that bad go
find yourself another womb.
- [Guy] You wouldn't mind me
sleeping with someone else?
You can be such an ice queen.
- You just realize that now?
- Hmm. I'm gonna write a
song for the lovely Reira.
- Ugh.
(knife hitting board)
(liquid pouring)
(bottle hitting counter)
(lemon juice dripping)
(stirrer tapping glass)
- Oh Shin, I didn't know you
were awake.
- Good morning Miss Ryoko.
- [Miss Ryoko] I'm going
on a trip to the states.
My flight leaves tomorrow,
so I won't be seeing you for a
while,
but just wait till you see all
the stuff
I'm gonna bring back for you.
- You don't have to do that.
It's gonna be pretty lonely
without you around here, Ryoko.
- That's sweet.
You ever thought of adding
the art of sweet talking
to your resume?
Or maybe it's just something
you learned from me.
- I appreciate everything
you've done for me.
Thanks to you, business is
booming.
(Ryoko giggles)
- Oh, I turned an angel
into a little devil.
- The more I see you,
the less and less you
remind me of her.
- Huh? What was that?
- Oh, nothing just talking to
myself.
Seconds, please!
(gentle piano music)
- [Blonde Guy] Hey, Yasu!
- Long time no see you really
haven't changed a bit dude
Oh, gimme a stout.
So how you doing?
This is great.
We finally get to meet up.
- Well, you've been very
persistent.
I'll give you that.
- [Blonde Guy] I was hoping
Reira would be able to come
but she went back home for a
visit.
She would've loved to have been
here.
- [Yasu] Oh yeah.
By the way, you might
wanna keep your voice down.
Now that you're a celebrity
shouldn't you be trying
to keep a low profile.
- Now this place is cool.
It's where everyone in the biz
hangs out.
- Really?
- You know
I heard you moved here so you
could get signed by a label.
Reira was bitchin how
she didn't get it.
- Yeah. I probably
could have guessed that.
That's why I don't wanna run
into her.
She would never let
me live it down.
- Of course she wouldn't.
And you can't really blame her.
I mean, why did you
change your mind?
- Uh well, let's see.
I guess you could say
I feel a parental
responsibility towards the band.
- What the hell?
You really haven't changed Yasu.
You need to let loose sometimes,
you know
go wild for a change.
Not that I recommend Takumi
style.
When he gets mad, it's criminal.
He's managed to keep his
cool lately, but that's only
cause he's afraid of causing
a scandal for the band.
Back when we were in junior high
the school didn't have any
windows cause he broke them all.
- Yeah, I remember speaking
of Takumi, what's he up to?
He never answers his
cell phone when I call.
- I don't know.
He's probably just too busy
sleeping around to answer
but I'm sure there's
nothing to worry about.
- Hmm. Yeah.
If you say so.
(ocean waves)
(bird noises)
- Hm
- Reira what the hell are you
doing here?
- I came to visit my mom.
- Oh right, I forgot
she lived around here.
Oh you shouldn't sneak up
on me like that.
How long you been here?
- 30 minutes.
- What?
- Hmm. I can't believe it
Tukami.
I was standing there looking at
you
for half an hour and
you didn't even notice me.
You were no fun at all.
- No, I meant how long
you've been in town.
And if you wanted my attention
you should have said something.
- [Reira] Oh I've been here
three days.
I came to visit mom's grave.
- Your mom's grave? But
your mom's still alive.
- Your mom's grave.
I knew you couldn't be there
for the seventh anniversary
of her death cause you were
working.
So I went in your place and
asked her to please watch
over you and try to protect you
from the wrath of the gods
for being such a naughty boy.
- Well, thanks for doing that
- By the way how's your dad
doing?
Maybe I should go say hi
to him while I'm in town.
- Nah, don't even bother.
He's been drinking
all day as usual.
- It must be hard for your big
sis
and her husband having to
deal
with a drunk father and
a little brother.
- Worry about your own mom
instead of scrutinizing
other people's families.
You just dumped her out here
in the middle of the boonies.
- Hmm.
- [Reira] She doesn't wanna live
in Tokyo.
She happens to love it here.
- That doesn't make a
whole lot of sense to me.
I mean, what's so great
about living in the middle of
nowhere
especially since she lived
in New York for a while.
- [Reira] Maybe that's why,
she didn't really like
living overseas.
I have tried telling her
Tokyo isn't a foreign country.
Sometimes I miss New York
and I think
about going back there it is
where I was born after all.
- Yeah, you should have gone
except it's too late now.
We got two days left before
we start working again.
- Yeah I know,
but I had a lot of things to do
and I felt like I needed to
see my mom.
The day we played near here
on tour
the schedule was too
tight to find time for a visit.
So when did you get here?
- I always end up having
to work when I'm in Tokyo.
This seemed like as good a
place as any for an escape.
But now that I'm here
I can't seem to get my
mind off of work.
So I might as well head on back.
It was only gonna be a
short visit anyway.
- What? But it's so crazy
we ran into each other here.
We should hang out together
first and have some fun.
- Come on, gimme a break.
I've gotta at least
spend my time off alone.
See you later.
- Hmm.
- Oh Reira
Don't forget we got that
big photo shoot next week,
so stay out of the sun
- Eye, eye captain message
received loud and clear.
(drums playing)
- What the hell does he think
he's doing?
He should have called you.
Their vacation time's nearly up.
- Yeah, but I haven't
contacted him either.
- Why not?
Why are you holding back?
You should be sending him
text messages every day.
That's the only way
you can be sure.
You're constantly on his mind
- [Nana] But what's the point
if he's just gonna ignore me?
- [Nana O] But when
the band goes back on tour
you're gonna hear from
him even less.
- [Nana] Yeah. Well that's
the way the cookie crumbles.
- Yasu Hachi's your friend too.
Don't you give a crap about her.
You should be calling Takumi
and giving him hell
for ignoring her.
- But he won't answer his phone.
- [Hachi] Nana!
I don't want him to come and see
me just
because someone was putting
pressure on him to do it.
I'm fine with it honestly.
It's no big deal.
(bottle drops)
- They don't believe me.
They probably think I'm just
putting
on a brave face, trying to stay
strong.
But to be honest
I don't think I'd care if
Takumi ever called me again.
It'd be totally fine with me.
In fact, I think it's better
that way.
- [Shin] Oh.
- Huh?
- [Shin] Hachi get one for
me too.
- [Nobu] Get it yourself.
- Hmm. You sure you
don't wanna buy me one?
(Hachi giggles)
(footsteps walking)
- Have you noticed Nana's voice
seems to be getting stronger
and stronger every day.
You think it's the sit ups?
We're gonna get our big
break soon, I can feel it.
- Trapnest has two
more days off.
If I don't hear from Takami,
everyone's gonna feel sorry
for the poor dumb girl who
allowed herself to be duped
and dumped by a total player.
- I can blame everything on
Takami
and be free to fall in
love with someone else.
But if Nobu had any idea
I was thinking like this
he'd probably hate me for it.
- [Hachi] It's crazy to
become his girlfriend.
Just because Takami dumped me.
- I don't want Nobu to
think I'm a slut.
But the truth is, I guess I am.
- [Hachi] That black SUV.
Nobu, you don't have
to walk me all the way.
- [Nobu] Huh?
- I'll be all right on my own
from here,
the apartments just over there.
I'm sorry for making you
walk me home when it's so
out of your way.
- It's not that far
and I really don't mind
but if it bothers you
I'm sure Shin or Yasu-
- No no, it's fine. It
doesn't bother me at all.
- [Takami] Nana.
- [Nana] I wish I'd known he
was gonna show up like this.
Why couldn't he text me or
something?
He does whatever he
wants. He's so selfish.
- Well, well fancy seeing you
here.
What are you doing out this late
at night
I was starting to get worried.
I've been waiting for over an
hour.
- [Nana] Oh, I'm sorry , but I
was just
at the studio watching Nana
rehearse with the band.
Nana's been sleeping at Ren's
place
and I was afraid to go home on
my own,
so Nobu offered to walk with me.
- Oh yeah?
Well what a gentleman. Thanks
Nobu.
- Yes. Thank you Nobu.
Have a good night.
How could I do this to him?
- So I'm sorry for
dropping by unannounced.
But I left my house without my
cell phone.
So I couldn't call you or
anything.
- It's my fault.
I was being sneaky and
took advantage of Nobu
when I let him walk me home.
I must have heard his feelings.
- [Nana] What should I do?
Now there's really no way
I can go to the studio.
I can't bear to face him.
- Um do you want anything? Are
you hungry?
Do you want me to make you a
snack?
What about something to drink?
I think we've got some beer.
- [Takami] Sure.
- I've got to stay strong.
As far as Takami's concerned
I'm just an easy lay
whenever it's convenient for
him.
I've fallen for it twice
already.
I'm not gonna make the
same mistake a third time.
If I don't put a stop to it
this pathetic non-relationship
is never gonna end.
And if I'm gonna end
it I've gotta do it now
before I can't turn back
I just have to tell him he
can't come here anymore.
- Huh?
But can I really tell him that?
(light switches on)
(opens beer can)
- Huh?
- I can't say it.
(laughs)
- Are you gonna drink
that whole thing all by
yourself? Give some.
- [Nana] I know he's no good for
me.
So why can't I break free?
- [Shin] Huh?
Hey Nobu how's it going?
(TV playing)
- What are you watching?
- It's porn obviously, I'm doing
research.
- [Nobu] Well now's not the
time.
Are you trying to piss me off?
I can't take it anymore.
- Can't take what?
Huh?
Tell me what happened.
- Nothing. Leave me alone.
Sorry. I just need some
time on my own, okay?
(sad dramatic music playing)
(door opening)
- [Nobu] Shin. If a man
and a woman are just objects
of desire to each other
than do you think they could
ever be connected by love?
- [Shin] Sorry. I'm
not sure if that myself.
(dramatic music playing)
- [Nana] The truth is I just
wanted to get close Takami out
of curiosity.
I'm not as pure as Nana
thinks and I'm most definitely
not the girl next door
that Nobu thinks I am
but Takami knows me.
The me that's empty inside.
And I know him.
I know he's a player
- Oh Nana.
- It's strange.
He used to live
in a world so far away from
mine,
but he's the only one.
The only one who can
forgive me for what I am.
My partner in crime.
(phone ringing)
- [Nana] Thanks for looking out
for me.
Takami me came over last night
and said he wants to hang
out with me all day tomorrow,
but I've gotta go to work.
I shouldn't have signed
up for so many shifts.
When are you coming back?
You're probably rehearsing
like mad for the concert.
I don't wanna get in the way,
so I probably won't be
dropping by the studio
but good luck with everything.
Say hi to everyone for me,
Hachiko.
- [Nana] Trap nest two
week break came to an end
but Nana didn't come back home.
I just assumed she decided
to spend more time with Ren.
I wanted to go to the studio to
see her
but I didn't have the guts to
face Nobu
after what I did to him.
- [Nana] I didn't hear a
thing from Takami as usual
but I didn't really mind
deep down in my heart.
I figured he'd show up
eventually.
I don't know why it didn't
bother me.
Was it cause I trusted him
or was it cause I was giving up
on him.
- [Nana] Misato!
- Huh?
- Thank you so much for
coming out to meet me.
That was really nice of you,
Miss Komatsu.
- [Hachiko] No problem , and
you can call me Hachiko.
- Oh, what a cute nickname.
It totally suits you.
- [Hachiko] We've still got
some time before the concert,
so let's go home and drop
your stuff off, okay?.
Here. Let me help you.
- That's very nice of you. Thank
you.
- [Misato] Are you sure you
don't mind me
staying at your place again?
- [Hachiko] Of course not. You
can stay as long as you want.
So you're on summer break now,
right?
- [Misato] Yeah.
To be honest, I'd love to spend
the rest
of my summer break here in
Tokyo,
but I couldn't possibly stay
with you for the whole month,
cause that will be imposing
on you way too much.
- Are you kidding? It's
totally cool with me.
If you spend the summer here,
actually I want you to stay.
- Are you sure about that?
This is gonna be awesome.
- We're gonna have a great
summer.
Nana's been staying over at
Ren's place
and I don't know when she's
coming back.
So it's been kind of lonely
in the apartment on my own.
- I had no idea Nana and Ren
were back together again.
That's wonderful news.
I'm so happy for them.
- Oh me and my big mouth.
I assumed you already knew.
You seemed to know everything
else there is to know
about blast.
- [Misato] Well, back when they
still lived in my hometown,
I did know that they were living
together.
After they left I wondered what
happened
between the two of them.
I'm so glad they're together.
- Promise me you won't tell
anyone please.
- Of course I won't.
You can count on me to
keep a secret Miss Hachiko.
The concert starts at seven,
right?
I can't wait to see all
the guys in the band again.
- They're probably rehearsing
right now.
I hope it's going well.
I haven't seen them for a week.
- Oh, but I thought you went
to the studio every day to
watch them practice. What
happened?
- I didn't wanna bother them
before such a big concert.
I'd just get in the way.
- Oh yeah. That makes sense.
Wouldn't it be so great if
Blast got signed to a record
deal?
- [Hachiko] What'll happen
when I see Nobu tonight?
How can I face him?
(romantic music playing)
- [Hachiko] What if he won't
even smile at me anymore?
Even the thought of
that makes me wanna cry.
It was that song that
Nobu wrote on that night
when we were singing with Nana,
you were wishing for something,
you were pushing your voice,
so it could reach me.
I can understand that now.